 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 Semantic HTML are descriptive tags

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    used to give meaning to blocks of code

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    an attribute provides more meaning to an element. its placed to the right of the element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the h1 tag should be on the title of the web page. There should only be one.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    href and src

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    theres data that doesnt show up on the webpage used for developers

    7. What is an id? 
    an id is a unique element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    an element that you only want one of

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once

    10. What is a class? 
    an attribute that specifies 1 or more names of an element

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element you need to add a value to

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many time as you need

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    command click

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    its used for screen readers

    15. How do I reference an id?
    using the #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    a section is an intentional block of text, usually with a header. a div is sort of an arbitrary division in a page

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    its used to style the text in HTML

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class can be used multiple times on a page. an id is a unique attribute given to an element. an element can be multiple different paragraphs, an id can be one specific sentense, or header

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .some-class {}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p .human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    it selects a child in a specified element. It is useful when you want to be specific

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar href {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    they are used to define the state of an element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; lower-case; capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* like this */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    read to the left of the cursor

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm. its permanent and there are no warnings

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    version control helps you look at previous versions of a program

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    very often so your work is saved

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    first you fork. add your tl as a collaborator. after you find the your destination on the terminal, you clone the link you get on github. Creat a student branch with your first and last name like this git checkout -b 'galo-sandoval'. then you submit a push request to your tl. 
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
